Add additional props to entity pickers (#28124)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/fuzzy-worms-beg.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-catalog-react': minor
---

> The EntityTagPicker will now include the "hidden" and "initialFilter" props. The EntityAutocompletePicker will now include the "hidden" prop. The UserListPicker will now include the "hidden" and "resetFiltersWhenNoResultsFound" prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added `hidden` prop to `EntityTagPicker`, `EntityAutocompletePicker` and `UserListPicker`.
Added `initialFilter` prop to `EntityTagPicker` to set an initial filter for the picker.  
Added `alwaysKeepFilters` prop to `UserListPicker` to prevent filters from resetting when no entities match the initial filters.
```
